README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Arpan 👋

![Golang](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Golang-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Vue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Web](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Web-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)

## Projects

- **[Chat Application](https://github.com/arpansaha13/messaging-system)** - A scalable real-time chat application with read receipts.
- **[Pariksha](https://github.com/arpansaha13/pariksha)** - A comprehensive online exam platform.

## What I'm Doing

- Building applications with production-grade stability and best practices.

## Connect With Me

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Website-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://arpansaha13.netlify.app/)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arpan_Saha-0076b2?logo=data:image/svg%2bxml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIyNCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIyNCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDI0IDI0Ij48cGF0aCBmaWxsPSIjZmZmIiBkPSJNNi45NCA1YTIgMiAwIDEgMS00LS4wMDJhMiAyIDAgMCAxIDQgLjAwMk03IDguNDhIM1YyMWg0em02LjMyIDBIOS4zNFYyMWgzLjk0di02LjU3YzAtMy42NiA0Ljc3LTQgNC43NyAwVjIxSDIydi03LjkzYzAtNi4xNy03LjA2LTUuOTQtOC43Mi0yLjkxeiIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpansaha13/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-arpansaha13-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/arpansaha13)

## Philosophy

> Becoming a better software engineer than yesterday.

Commit message:

docs: add Figma Export project to README

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Arpan 👋

![Golang](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Golang-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Vue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Web](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Web-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)

## Projects

- **[Chat Application](https://github.com/arpansaha13/messaging-system)** - A scalable real-time chat application with read receipts.
- **[Figma Export](https://github.com/arpansaha13/figma-export)** - CLI to select Figma files from a project and download .fig exports
- **[Pariksha](https://github.com/arpansaha13/pariksha)** - A comprehensive online exam platform.

## What I'm Doing

- Building applications with production-grade stability and best practices.

## Connect With Me

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Website-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://arpansaha13.netlify.app/)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arpan_Saha-0076b2?logo=data:image/svg%2bxml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHdpZHRoPSIyNCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIyNCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDI0IDI0Ij48cGF0aCBmaWxsPSIjZmZmIiBkPSJNNi45NCA1YTIgMiAwIDEgMS00LS4wMDJhMiAyIDAgMCAxIDQgLjAwMk03IDguNDhIM1YyMWg0em02LjMyIDBIOS4zNFYyMWgzLjk0di02LjU3YzAtMy42NiA0Ljc3LTQgNC43NyAwVjIxSDIydi03LjkzYzAtNi4xNy03LjA2LTUuOTQtOC43Mi0yLjkxeiIvPjwvc3ZnPg==)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arpansaha13/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-arpansaha13-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/arpansaha13)

## Philosophy

> Becoming a better software engineer than yesterday.
